<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="title">Documentación</ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="head">
        <style type="text/css">
            .docs h1 {
                margin-top: 30px;
            }
            
            .docs h1:first-child {
                margin-top: 0;
            }
            
            .docs pre {
                background-color: #edf0f5;
                padding: 1em;
                font-family: monospace;;
            }
        </style>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
    
        <div class="ui-g">
            <div class="ui-g-12">
                <div class="card docs">
                    <h1>Plataforma Puntos Farmanorte</h1>
                    <p>Puntos Farmanorte es la plataforma administrativa del programa de fidelización de cliente de Dromedicas del Oriente. 
                    Esta documentacion se divide en 3 partes. La primera explica los requerimientos de implementacio y puesta en marcha de 
                    la aplicacion. La Segunda parte comprende la documentacion de usuario. La tercera parte es la informacion para desarrolladores
                    de la API de Puntos Farmanorte</p>
                    
                    <p>Esta guia propone las opciones de configuracion y puesta en marcha de la aplicación.</p>
                    
                    <h1>Theme</h1>    
                    <p>Omega layout depends on the Omega theme of PrimeFaces that is available since 6.0. 
                        Setup is simple as defining primefaces.THEME context parameter in web.xml such as "omega".</p>
                        
                    <h1>Menu</h1>    
                    <p>Menu is a regular JSF component that supports PrimeFaces MenuModel API allowing both declarative and programmatic approaches. 
                    State is saved via a cookie and to remove it define a widgetVar to the menu and call PF('yourwidgetvar').clearMenuState(). To use the menu
                    add the omega-menu.jar to your classpath and import the http://primefaces.org/omega namespace.</p>
                    
                    <p>Menu becomes collapsed automatically in screens smaller than 1024px and it can be toggled on demand using the 
                    menu button at the top bar in larger screens as well. In a large screen, if you'd like to display the menu as collapsed by default,
                    <i>sidebar-inactive-l</i> class to the main wrapper div (&lt;div class="wrapper"&gt;).</p>
<pre>
xmlns:po="http://primefaces.org/omega">

&lt;po:menu&gt;
&lt;/po:menu&gt;
</pre>  
                        
                   
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>